DOCS-372: background_pool_size (#10589)
ClickHouse/ClickHouse: docs/en/operations/settings/settings.md

Default value: Empty

> ## background_pool_size {#background_pool_size}

Reviewer: Looks like `_` should be escaped (i.e. `## background\_pool\_size {#background_pool_size}` over `## background_pool_size {#background_pool_size}`)

Author: No. It shouldn't be escaped. It can be escaped but our build system doesn't need it and I don't know other systems which require such escaping.

Reviewer: It is done in #9763 (cc: @blinkov )
I guess because `_` used to make the text _italic_

> Sets the number of threads performing background operations in table engines (for example, concurrent merges in `MergeTree`-engine tables). Applies at ClickHouse server startup and can't be changed in a user session. Adjusting this setting, you manage CPU and disk load. The lower value of the setting, the lower CPU and disk resources are required.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Sets the number of threads performing background operations in table engines (for example, merges in [MergeTree engine](../../engines/table_engines/mergetree_family/index.md) tables). This setting is applied at ClickHouse server start and can't be changed in a user session. By adjusting this setting, you manage CPU and disk load. Smaller pool size utilizes less CPU and disk resources, but background processes advance slower which might eventually impact query performance.
```

Possible values:

-   Any positive integer.

> Default value: 16.

Reviewer: Also there are another pools:

- background_buffer_flush_schedule_pool_size
- background_move_pool_size
- background_schedule_pool_size
- background_distributed_schedule_pool_size

But I guess you saw them and this PR is only about `background_pool_size`

Author: Yes, this pull only about background_pool_size. I'll check other pulls, thank you :-)
